Migrate to GTNHLib config system (#29)
GTNewHorizons/FindIt: README.md

# FindIt
##### For those times when you just can't remember where you placed your EV Mixer!

This is inspired by the "Search in nearby inventories" feature from 1.7.10 Extra Utilities, and from 1.12+ [FindMe](https://github.com/Buuz135/FindMe). As well as searching for items and fluids in inventories, FindIt will also search the world for placed tile entities!

Did you forget where you placed your EV Mixer?

> Well no problem now!  Locate the item in NEI, however over it, and hit 'Y' (the default keybind). If it's within range (+/-16 blocks), it will flash an outline effect for you to locate it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Well, no problem now!  Locate the item in NEI, hover over it, and hit 'Y' (the default keybind). If it's within range (+/-16 blocks), an outline will flash around it for you to locate it!
```

Dependencies:
[NotEnoughItems](https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/NotEnoughItems)
[GTNHLib](https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/GTNHLib)

FindIt has special support for the following mods' containers:
* [AdventureBackpack](https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/AdventureBackpack2): Finds items and fluids inside backpacks when inside another container.
* [Minecraft Backpack Mod](https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/Minecraft-Backpack-Mod/): Finds items inside backpacks when inside another container.
* [Forestry](https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/ForestryMC): Finds items inside backpacks when inside another container.
* [ProjectRedExploration](https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/ProjectRed): Finds items inside backpacks when inside another container.
* [Draconic Evolution](https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/Draconic-Evolution/): Finds placed items.

> * [Thaumcraft 4](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/thaumcraft/files/2227552): Finds essentia in placed containers. Also finds essentia when trying to "find" the aspect items added by [Aspect Recipe Index](https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/AspectRecipeIndex) and [Thaumcraft NEI Plugin](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/thaumcraft-nei-plugin).

Reviewer: Those two Thaumcraft addons can probably get their own bullet points. (If you want, they can be sub-bullet-points under Thaumcraft.)

Author: https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/FindIt/pull/29/commits/3dc58349cd56050ac31acca419e80aff25c92110
